Refactored Events (#2122)
pytorch/ignite: docs/source/engine.rst

.. currentmodule:: ignite.engine.events

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:
    :toctree: generated

    Events

.. currentmodule:: ignite.base.events

.. note::

>     The classes below are also exist in :ref:`base-events`, still
>     can be imported from here, there are no difference, but for future support
>     we recommend importing them from :ref:`base-events`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The classes below are also defined in :ref:`base-events` and still
    can be imported from this module for backward compatibility. We 
    recommend importing them from :ref:`base-events`.
```
